This lab was very helpful and allowed me to understand why coders use AI tools so frequently. I remember when i originally did lab 3 I sturggled a bit and even after I was done my website appared rather bland and basic. As someone who had never coded before I struggled a bit in this class. Professor Plotka's lecture on AI today really piqued my interest. His reasoning behind why certain prompts work and why others don;t helped me understand how AI thinks and gave me the tools I need to better utilize Claude AI, which is the only AI I used for this app. As a beginner coder it was a very concise and user friendly website that I will probably be using frequently whenever I am allowed. The objective of Lab 3b was to give AI a few prompt to make changes and modify our websites in order to familiarize ourselves with using AI tools as coders. The order of prompts I used on my website are as follows:
1: Please modify the following code for this website so that the labs appear within a dropdown menu at the top of the browser
The reason I chose this prompt was because when I was woring on lab 3 one of the people at my table showed me her website and I thought the dropdown menu was aesthetically pleasing and helped the website look more organised than what I had initially. 
2: Please keep the same drop down menu but this time make it so that all of the details about each lab is within its corresponding title in the dropdown menu so that they are within the dropdown menu instead of on the main page
After I implimented a dropdown menu I noticed that the website still didn't look as organzied as I wanted it to and I felt that this prompt was a clear way for me to tell the AI how I wanted it organised by being more specific this time. 
3: Please modify the website so the background is solid black and all of the small texts are in white and please replace all the blue with teal.
I thought the white and blue were a little bland and I wanted the colors of the website to be a bit less bland and overly professional and give it a more personalized feeling. Plus I just really like teal.  
4: Please make the text background in the dropdown menu black.
After my third prompt I was going around the website to make sure everything was how I wanted it to be and I realized that I could not see the writing in the dropdown menu because my prompt didn't specify that I alos wanted the backgroung of the dropdown menu to be black. 